Web and App Research
	
1. Provide useful content
  Provide content tht is engaging, relevant and appropriate to the audience.
  We don't waste resources providing easy access and good usability. 
  Content in most ways is more important than functionality, navigation and visual design.
  
2. Establish user requirements
  We using all available sources to better understand users requirements.
  The more information that can be exchanged between developers and users, 
  the higher probability of havig a successful website and application.
  The information gathered from exchanges with users can be used to build 'use cases'.
  Use cases describe the things that users want and need the website and application to be able to do.
  That provide a specification that produced better user performance and higher user preferences.
  
3. Understand and meet user's expectations 
  Website format meets user expectations, especially related to navigation, content and organization.
  Users define usability as their perception of how productive organised, easy to use, consistent, 
  straightforward and efficient it is to accopmlish tasks within a system.
  The use of familiar formatting and navigation schemes makes it easier for users 
  to learn and remember the layout of an application and a website.
  
4. Focus on performance 
  Decision about content, format, interaction, navigation, colours and graphics.
  We focus on achieving a high rate of user performance before dealing with aestetic.
  Graphics issues tend to have little impact.
  
5. Consider user interface issues 
  Consider as many user interface issues as possible during the design process.
  Consider numerous usability-realted issues during the creation of the website and application.
  Include: the context; the types of tasks users will perform on the website and applicaion;
  the types of computer and connection speeds used; evaluation; the results of usability tests.
  
6. Do not display unsolicited windows or graphics
  We don't have annoying and distracting windows or graphics.
  
7. Display information in a usable format
  Display information and data in a format that doesn't require conversion by the user.
  Present information to users in the most useful and usable format possible.
  To accomodate a multinational audience, information provided in multiple formats.
  
8. Test Plug-Ins and applets for accessibility
  To ensure accessibility, test any applets, plug-ins 
  to interpret content to ensure that they can be used by assistive technologies.
  
9. Design for common browsers
  Design, develop and test for the most common browsers.
  
10. Enable access to the homepage
  Enable users to access the homepage from the other page on the website.
  Create an easy and obvious way for users to quiclky return to the homepage of the website from any point in the site.
  Include a link labeled 'Home' near the top of the page to help users.
  
12. Establish level of importance (if needed)
  Establish a high-to-low level of importance for information and infuse this approach thoughout each page on the website.
  The page layout help users find and use the most important information.
  Information presented in the order that is most useful to users.
  
13. Choose appropriate line lengths
  Display continous text in columns containing and least fifty characters per line.
  
14. Use appropriate menu types
  Use sequential menus for simple forward-moving tasks.
  Require items to be selected from a series of menus in some predetermined order.
  After each selection is made, another menu opens. The final choice is constrained by the sum total of all previous choices.
  
15. Use clear category labels 
  The category labels, including links, reflect the information and items contained within the category.
  Category titles must be understood by typical users.
  
16. Link to related content 
  Provide links to other pages in the website with relate content.
  Provide a full list of options to related content.
  
17. Match link names with their destination pages
  Make the link text consistent with the title or headings on the destination page.
  Closely matched links and destination targents help provide the necessary feedback to users 
  that they have reached the intended.
  
18. Use familiar fonts
Use a familiar font to achieve the best possible easy reading.

19. Use at least 12-point font

20. Include logos 
  Place a logo in a consistent place on every page.
  Having a logo on each page provides a frame of reference throughout an application and a website.
  Same location of the logo on every page.
  
21. Organize information clearly
Organize information at each level, it shows a clear and logical structure to typical users.
Information well-organised.

